---
layout: post
title: "weeknotes_2026_03"
date: 2026-07-05 20:30:00 +0800
tags: [weeknotes]
---


### Cooking: 
- Cleared out the La Costeña Refried Pinto Beans that sat in the pantry since before 2024, when r left for Chicago. Fried it with minced beef, onions, and shishito peppers, and sprinkled in some taco seasoning. Heated up a few pita breads and called it a night.
- Bought sourdough from our fav spot, Pure Bread. Made our usual Sunday brunch set, this time with sautéd carrot n onion slices, runny sunny side-up, gouda, prosciutto, cold ham, and crumbled rosemary Asiago. Cherries and an americano on the side.
- After 2 years of making pesto on my own, Mom said I was missing the grated Parmesan this entire time!
- Learned how to clean freshly caught [ribbon fish](https://olivia-illa.github.io/blog/2026/07/05/LegoHand.html) by Dad

### Happening:
- Biked to and forth my parents place, altogether 2hr or so. An extremely beautiful ride along the riverside until I crashed into the railings coming down a ramp that wasn't meant for bikes. Before i could make a 90° turn, my front tire jammed into the metal bars, with the full force bouncing backwards from the frame straight to leg. Now i have 5cm wide bruising above my left knee, and minor scraps around the ankle. 


### Editing:
- Backfilling from Notes app and Doc since mid June
- Made letterings proportionate rather than monospaced
- Experimenting with post formats (ie., one-liner thoughts)
- Added a bar for quotes for clippings
- Edited the homepage text-- “aimless fixations.” Still not satisfied
- Made “latest” preview string, truncate: 70
- Added, (accidentally) deleted, then added back “Last Updated”
- Added tag: adulting
- Made the default bullet point: ⊹
