---
layout: post
title: "weeknotes_2026_04"
date: 2026-07-09 23:30:00 +0800
tags: [weeknotes]
---


### Cooking/ Eating
- Went to 八方 (dumpling chain) with two autistic lads, who’d surrendered parts of their workspace so I could concentrate on filling out the blanks on this blog. Learnt a thing or two about Swedish housing.
- d was in the mood for tempura ✧｡٩(ˊᗜˋ )و✧*｡ Signs of shrinkflation: a half filled chawanmushi. 
- It was either boiled *homemade* dumplings or soy bean paste noodles for convenience these days.
- d made a creamy béchamel with chicken stock and milk, added sautéed carrots, onions, and mushrooms to pair with the tomato cheese ravioli 🤤

<br>

### Happenings
- Searched *Carrefour* in Maps to find out the name change-- *PROSPERiTY PLAZA* 
- My heart rate hit Zone 5 at the 5k mark, and I could feel my vision going black and nausea setting in. I knew to lie down at this point and chew my candy. Once I regained vision, my bright ass decided to power walk 3k to a story-high slide I’d never noticed, slid down awkwardly, and immediately cramped my glutes. So I took another 2min breather and jogged/ limped my way to j, who politely reassured me she hadn't been waiting long. 
- The riverside bike lane was covered in patches of wet mud and bloated dead fish, that had begun to rot and reek underneath the blazing sun—likewise, my once beating heart for expressionism in [a flaming office room](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheMatpatEffect/comments/1jju5dv/the_original_this_is_fine_comic_plus_the_sequel/); at the end, I’d dissolve too.

<br>

### Editing
- Added scroll bars for each individual column
- Fixed the footer-- haven’t found a purpose for the reserved space tho
- Made the main container fill the footer
- Added tags to clippings: *quotes, movies, book-clips etc.*
- Added grid lines to Writing Anything
- Fixed the hover effect line at the start of each letter
- Acked that web design is not *wizzy-wig*, so it's quicker to send g the URL for modifications, than prompt the issue
- Modified the blog URL to my domain

<br>

### Replacing (myself)
- g and I have found an equilibrium for delegating copy-paste tasks. I’m willing to take over the sheet when there’s less than 3 steps to completion
- g analyzes my meeting recordings now, so I can focus on writing f-d during the actual talk
- I asked g to look into the discrepancy, but it just found a similar amount, assumed it was a match, and called it a day; huh, I wonder where you learnt that from 🤔

<br>

### Consuming
- Love Island USA S8E21: Aniya’s recoupling speech made me emotional: “I picked you every f time.” ༼;´༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ༽ But also, she should’ve chosen Asian Ken…Carl
- Amanda Knox (2016) documentary, more like self admission/incriminating
- [China Is About To Pop The AI Bubble](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siazPdsZHuI)
- [Taylor Swift Is Married And Everyone's Acting Insane](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ex-5XbTXYb8)
- Sully (2026)
- Silicon Valley S4E4
- Norsemen (2016): We already knew, Orm.

