---
layout: post
title: "weeknotes_2026_05"
date: 2026-07-19 23:55:00 +0800
tags: [weeknotes]
---

### Cooking/ Eating
* Who knew [cheap Moscato](https://oliviailla.blog/2026/07/13/Dinner-at-Saizeriya.html) with cheesy rice & pizza could temporarily draw the *Monday Miseries* away
* Another week of d stir frying instant noodles with carrot sticks + a sunny-side-up
* A long thick baguette from Pure Bread. *“Not the smell, not the look, but the sound...the crust,”* paired with leftover prosciutto and filled olives (d’s fav)
* On judgement day, t & d brought me to their pick'n'mix, *The Greenery*. I had Med. salad (beets, chickpeas, cucumber), and pesto penne [¹](#fn1)
* Fried ribbon fish fillet and made 酸辣湯 over rice (imagine Ochazuke)
* Friday night drinks with e. We grazed on Hong Kong–style finger foods and crispy delicacies. The tea cocktails were smooth, seamlessly blending tea with fruity liquor, though far too weak when I clearly needed to be numbed.
* Dim sum (雙拼, 叉燒酥, 燒賣, mango sago) with c to fuel up for our 3.5hr window shopping around antique and thrift shops
* Mom and Dad made baked fish (Dad’s catch!), Mediterranean/Jamie Oliver style? A marinara base with olives, grilled potato, and onions
* Overpriced beef sauce omurice after viewing *The Odyssey (2026)* with Ma and Da
* Baked a lemon chiffon with Ma that instantly deflated cuz we weren't patient enough to cool it in the oven. Whipped some cream on the side and added fresh blueberries for a simple afternoon teatime
<br>

### HAPPENINGS
* e advised me to devise a plan ahead (now!), whether it's to embark on an adventure, climb a higher ladder, or submit costly applications; it’ll make abandonment more feasible and plausible 
* Judgement day with tx forced me to break bread as I was backhandedly labeled as headstrong and ending a talk with “let’s leave it at that.”  likely skimmed past the part where I patiently expressed my sentiments, backed my work ethic, and had wished I was speaking to a friend instead of a supervisor.
* Sat in front of the reflection pool, while I poured out to d. All I'd remember was the golden sunset illuminating sides of skyscrapers with the purply orange skies draped behind. Is this what it's like leaving 30min earlier? I wiped my tears, squeezed a smile and said, “Quick, a selfie to mark our turning point.”
* I wasn’t expecting a 15min abduction by Mr X to be a pity talk for the weak. “Embrace AI to bridge your gap, o.” Crazy to realize I did a full circle to be told ungrateful.
* Talks with friends mostly surrounded how I manage interpersonal relations, test my boundaries, and attempt to break free from a system that no longer serves
* Dad suggested I seek reconciliation from within, put on a smile, and treat them with appreciation, even if my mind had been made up. Keep them handy, and move forward with sanity.
* Did a 11k 10 am run. *Thanks for the iced latte, my 8-wheeler hero.*
* Hubris to xenia
* Time for under-pressure writing and *listen and repeat*

<br>

### Editing

* Removed the line from type 2 headers (I think)
* Listed several changes for the future
  * (a) an inbox for feedback or pen pals anyone?!
  * (b) mobile version (HTML)
  * (c) separate page for each section
  * (d) filter by tags (index page)

<br>

### Replacing (myself)
* I'm training this bot by feeding it 6 months of data, then manually verifying to prove it’s reliable. But since it currently only lives in my test chat, how can I ensure it performs the same once deployed? (I’m also collecting edge cases/exceptions along the way.)
* g analyzed the recording and scripted my strategy, but I decided to follow my gut anyway. Then I was realized I being recorded by Notion-AI this entire time. Lowk feeling violated. It's only a 1-on-1
* news confirmed: I am being physically replaced

<br>

### Consuming

* Sulked, bled and binged the rest of Love Island S8
* [Let's Discuss The Love Island Top 4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0PfXVaShoA) girl gotta watch the after show too!
* [We Were Villa Villain All Along](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umgbQQehmds)
* The Odyssey (2026) BRILLIANT, MAGNIFICENT!! ALL THE REASONS I STUDY LITERATURE, ARTS, HUMANITY.
* [Productive Week](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6VRNGdZZX4) — *There's No Such Thing as a Dragon* by Jack Kent (1975) — addressing the problem makes it smaller and more manageable

<div class="botanical-divider">𖡼.𖤣𖥧𖡼.𖤣𖥧</div>

### Footnotes

<ol class="footnotes-list">
  <li id="fn1" data-number="¹">My stomach was churning, but stuffing in more. Then makes one accidental eye contact, “Love that for lunch. Stop over at mine will you? Let’s talk.”</li>
</ol>