---
layout: post
title: "weeknotes_2026_02"
date: 2026-06-28 20:30:00 +0800
tags: [weeknotes]
---

### Cooking & Eating: 
- Made Chinese chive dumplings cuz I got for $1/kg at the farmers market.
- Rich with a dozen mangos I got for $10! 
- d’s dinner made me realize I was craving German food and how simple it is to make. He boiled potatoes, Chinese radish, and sausages. Made a cream sauce with sautéed onions, bell pepper, and mushrooms. Gute!
- Baked chocolate madeleines in financier molds.
- Haven’t had Laksa in a while at this place (which we had once, years ago). When asked why d got Hainanese Chicken, he made a good point, “Don't you find Laksa looking more flavorful than it actually does? It’s a bit disappointing."
- Found out I picked a beer, [Eggenberg Urbock 23°](https://untappd.com/b/schloss-eggenberg-urbock-23-deg/819), from p’s hometown, Graz! 

<br>

### Happening: (WIP)
- Built a [paper robin](https://npf-kamikochi.stores.jp/items/62621aa188dc65786a8b1469) with paper glue, and floss picks.
- Had team building twice in a week—one with my immediate team and another with the strategy team. We ended up at a Western-themed escape room.
- drinking with the gang 

<br>

### Editing:
- Vibe coded hover + shaded effect for hyperlinks
- Created layout = internet-clipping
- Drafted homepage intro, about me, fun facts
- Added underline for hyperlinks
- Removed the underline for links on homepage 
- Add margin below homepage header
- Couldn't decide with bullet points on homepage
- Created tag: internet-clippings, random 
- Found a site for [generating superscripts](https://lingojam.com/SuperscriptGenerator)
- Established a *grassy floral* footnote-breaker

<br>

### Consuming:
- [Double Happiness (2025)](https://variety.com/2025/film/reviews/double-happiness-review-1236567616/) 

<br>

### Replacing:
